`azurerm_security_center_auto_provisioning` - deprecate resource (#28030)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/5.0-upgrade-guide.html.markdown

This deprecated resource has been superseded/retired and has been removed from the Azure Provider.
```

### `azurerm_security_center_auto_provisioning`

> * This deprecated resource has been removed from the Azure Provider. [document](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/defender-for-cloud/prepare-deprecation-log-analytics-mma-agent#log-analytics-agent-autoprovisioning-experience---deprecation-plan)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This deprecated resource has been removed from the Azure Provider. Please see the [documention for more details](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/defender-for-cloud/prepare-deprecation-log-analytics-mma-agent#log-analytics-agent-autoprovisioning-experience---deprecation-plan).
```

### `azurerm_security_center_auto_provisioning`

> * This deprecated resource has been removed from the Azure Provider. [Please see the [documention for more details]](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/defender-for-cloud/prepare-deprecation-log-analytics-mma-agent#log-analytics-agent-autoprovisioning-experience---deprecation-plan).

Author: kind of carelessness, sry for that

* The `example_property_with_changed_default` property now defaults to `NewDefault`.
```

> ### `azurerm_security_center_auto_provisioning`
> 
> * This deprecated resources has been removed from the Azure Provider.
> 

Reviewer: This should be under the `### Removed Resource` section and it would be good to provide a link to the deprecation message as well
```suggestion
### `azurerm_security_center_auto_provisioning`

* This deprecated resource has been removed from the Azure Provider.

```
